README.md, before:

Chapter 99: chapter title
====================================
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/YOUR_ZENODO_DOI.svg)](https://doi.org/YOUR_ZENODO_DOI)
![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)
![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/YOUR_ORG/YOUR_REPO?logo=github)

## Contents

- [Contents](#contents)
- [Figures](#figures)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

## Figures

Describe the figures in this chapter. Mention what each figure represents.

Example:

| Figure Folder | Preview | Figure Title |
|---------------|---------|-------------|
| [fig99_01](./figures/fig99_01/) | ![fig99_01](./fig99_01/figure/ar6_wg1_chap3_figure3_4_surface_temp_anomaly.png) | Title of fig99_01 |
| [fig99_02](./figures/fig99_02/) | address to figure to preview | Title of fig99_02 |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |

## Disclaimer
Please note that figures in this repository may differ from those in the published version due to the editorial process. The repository contains the latest available versions prior to publication.

Commit message:

Add 'Getting started' section to README
Added a 'Getting started' section to the README with setup instructions and links to resources.

README.md, after:

Chapter 99: chapter title
====================================
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/DOI/YOUR_ZENODO_DOI.svg)](https://doi.org/YOUR_ZENODO_DOI)
![License: Apache 2.0](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache%202.0-blue.svg)
![GitHub release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/YOUR_ORG/YOUR_REPO?logo=github)

## Contents

- [Contents](#contents)
- [Getting started](#getting-started)
- [Figures](#figures)
- [Disclaimer](#disclaimer)

## Getting started

Describe the scope of the repository, how figures are organised, how to set up the environment, and how to reproduce outputs. It should also link to the figure folders (figXX_YY/) and any shared resources (e.g., src/, data/, env/).

## Figures

Describe the figures in this chapter. Mention what each figure represents.

Example:

| Figure Folder | Preview | Figure Title |
|---------------|---------|-------------|
| [fig99_01](./figures/fig99_01/) | ![fig99_01](./fig99_01/figure/ar6_wg1_chap3_figure3_4_surface_temp_anomaly.png) | Title of fig99_01 |
| [fig99_02](./figures/fig99_02/) | address to figure to preview | Title of fig99_02 |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |
|  |  |  |

## Disclaimer
Please note that figures in this repository may differ from those in the published version due to the editorial process. The repository contains the latest available versions prior to publication.
